Update use-windows-event-forwarding-to-assist-in-intrusion-detection.md (#9089)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/use-windows-event-forwarding-to-assist-in-intrusion-detection.md

### <a href="" id="what-are-the-wec-server-s-limitations-"></a>What are the WEC server’s limitations?

> There are three factors that limit the scalability of WEC servers. The general rule for a stable WEC server on commodity hardware is planning for a total of 3000 events per second for all configured subscriptions on average

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three factors that limit the scalability of WEC servers. The general rule for a stable WEC server on commodity hardware is planning for a total of 3,000 events per second on average for all configured subscriptions.
```
